src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like importedMetaschemaByUri
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like importedMetaschemaByUri
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like importedMetaschemaByName
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:60:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like importedMetaschemaByName
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exportedFlagDefinitions
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exportedFlagDefinitions
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exportedFieldDefinitions
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exportedFieldDefinitions
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exportedAssemblyDefinitions
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like exportedAssemblyDefinitions
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:73:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:73:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like metaschemaResource
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like metaschemaResource
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metaschemaResource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metaschemaResource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like importedMetaschema
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like importedMetaschema
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'importedMetaschema' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'importedMetaschema' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'definition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'definition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'existingMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'existingMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:132:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:132:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:142:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:142:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metaschema' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metaschema' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:167:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/AbstractMetaschema.java:167:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IAssembly.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IAssembly.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IChoice.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IChoice.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IField.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IField.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IFlag.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IFlag.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:95:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 95
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:95:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 95
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:131:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:131:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:167:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:167:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:168:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:168:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:169:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:169:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:186:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:186:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:187:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:187:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:188:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:188:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:205:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:205:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:207:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:207:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:225:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:225:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:234:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:234:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:245:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:245:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:246:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:246:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:248:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:248:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:249:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:249:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:259:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:259:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:263:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:263:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:264:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:264:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:265:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:265:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:266:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:266:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:267:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:267:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:277:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:277:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:281:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:281:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:282:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:282:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:283:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:283:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:284:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:284:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:285:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:285:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:293:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:293:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:294:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:294:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:295:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:295:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:296:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:296:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:297:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:297:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:298:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:298:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:306:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IMetaschema.java:306:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/IModelElement.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:53:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:53:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'useName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'useName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:117:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/INamedModelElement.java:117:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:40:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:40:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:40:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:40:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like writableStackTrace
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like writableStackTrace
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enableSuppression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enableSuppression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writableStackTrace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/MetaschemaException.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writableStackTrace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FLAG_REQUIRED
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FLAG_REQUIRED
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FIELD_IN_XML_WRAPPED
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FIELD_IN_XML_WRAPPED
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FIELD_COLLAPSIBLE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_FIELD_COLLAPSIBLE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_GROUP_AS_MIN_OCCURS
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_GROUP_AS_MIN_OCCURS
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_GROUP_AS_MAX_OCCURS
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_GROUP_AS_MAX_OCCURS
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_JSON_GROUP_AS_BEHAVIOR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_JSON_GROUP_AS_BEHAVIOR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_XML_GROUP_AS_BEHAVIOR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelConstants.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_XML_GROUP_AS_BEHAVIOR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelType.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModelType.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModuleScopeEnum.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModuleScopeEnum.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModuleScopeEnum.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/ModuleScopeEnum.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:37:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AbstractConstraint' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:37:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'AbstractConstraint' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:78:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getLevel()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraint.java:78:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getLevel()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nodeItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nodeItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:45:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:45:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:126:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:126:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractConstraintValidationHandler.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/AbstractKeyConstraint.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValue.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'allowedValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'allowedValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'allowedOther' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'allowedOther' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultAllowedValuesConstraint.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'minOccurs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'minOccurs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxOccurs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxOccurs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultCardinalityConstraint.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:61:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=63, ATFD=71, TCC=1.846%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:61:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=63, ATFD=71, TCC=1.846%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:61:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:61:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:65:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:65:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:65:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:65:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like indexToKeyToItemMap
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like indexToKeyToItemMap
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:67:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:67:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like indexToKeyRefToItemMap
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like indexToKeyRefToItemMap
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:69:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:69:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:74:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:74:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapathContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapathContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:86:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:86:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:97:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:97:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'definition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'definition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:107:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:107:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'definition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'definition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:117:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:117:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'definition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'definition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:130:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:130:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:137:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:137:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:138:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:138:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:141:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "unchecked" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 141
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:141:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "unchecked" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 141
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemCount' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemCount' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minOccurs' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'minOccurs' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'maxOccurs' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'maxOccurs' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:163:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:163:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:164:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:164:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:171:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:171:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:184:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:184:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:185:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:185:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:194:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'indexItems' (lines '194'-'213').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:194:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'indexItems' (lines '194'-'213').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:194:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:194:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:200:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '200'-'213').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:200:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '200'-'213').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:215:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:215:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:216:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:216:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:223:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:223:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:224:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:224:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:224:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:224:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:235:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:235:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:236:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:236:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:237:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'keyToItemMap' (lines '237'-'256').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:237:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'keyToItemMap' (lines '237'-'256').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyToItemMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyToItemMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:237:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:237:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:243:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '243'-'256').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:243:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '243'-'256').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:258:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:258:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:259:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:259:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:270:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:270:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:270:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:270:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:270:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:270:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:271:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:271:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:279:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicate' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:279:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicate' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:294:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:294:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:295:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:295:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:306:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:306:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:307:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:307:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:308:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:308:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'target' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'target' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:318:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:318:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:324:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:324:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:332:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:332:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:332:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:332:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:332:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:332:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:333:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:333:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:337:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:337:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:343:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:343:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:344:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:344:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:346:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:346:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:348:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:348:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:352:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:352:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:353:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:353:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:361:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:361:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:362:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:362:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:363:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:363:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:364:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:364:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:366:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:366:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targets' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:372:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:372:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:372:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:372:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:372:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:372:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:373:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:373:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:373:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:373:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:374:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:374:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:375:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:375:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:376:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:376:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:380:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:380:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:390:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:390:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:390:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:390:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:390:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:390:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:405:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:405:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:405:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:405:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:405:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:405:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:406:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:406:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:407:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '407'-'454').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:407:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '407'-'454').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyField' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyField' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:409:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:409:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:412:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:412:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:413:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:414:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:414:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:414:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:414:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:419:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:419:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:419:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:419:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:421:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:421:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:426:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:426:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:427:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:427:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:433:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:433:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:433:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:433:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:436:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:436:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:436:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:436:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:442:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:442:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:452:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:452:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:457:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:457:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:458:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:458:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:466:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:466:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:471:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:471:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:473:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyRefToItemMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:473:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyRefToItemMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:475:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indexItems' (lines '475'-'475').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:475:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indexItems' (lines '475'-'475').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:475:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'indexItems' (lines '475'-'492').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:475:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'indexItems' (lines '475'-'492').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:475:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:475:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:477:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyRefEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:477:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyRefEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:480:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:480:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:482:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '482'-'482').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:482:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '482'-'482').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:482:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '482'-'492').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:482:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '482'-'492').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:482:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:482:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:484:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:484:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:485:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:485:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:486:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:494:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:494:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:495:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:495:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:496:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:496:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:496:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:496:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:498:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:498:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'initialStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'initialStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:507:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:507:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultConstraintValidator.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like METAPATH_VALUE_TEMPLATE_PATTERN
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like METAPATH_VALUE_TEMPLATE_PATTERN
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'test' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'test' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:98:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:98:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metapath' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultExpectConstraint.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:42:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:42:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexConstraint.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:42:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:42:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'indexName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'indexName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultKeyField.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultMatchesConstraint.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/DefaultUniqueConstraint.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:42:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:42:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:51:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getPathFormatter()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:51:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getPathFormatter()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:55:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 55
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:55:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 55
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathFormatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathFormatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:165:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Finding' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=5, WMC=6)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:165:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Finding' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=5, WMC=6)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:167:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:167:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:171:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:171:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:173:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:173:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:177:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:177:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/FindingCollectingConstraintValidationHandler.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValue.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValue.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValue.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValue.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValue.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValue.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValue.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValue.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_ALLOW_OTHER
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_ALLOW_OTHER
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DEFAULT_ALLOW_OTHER': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DEFAULT_ALLOW_OTHER': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAllowedValuesConstraint.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NULL_CONSTRAINT': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NULL_CONSTRAINT': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IAssemblyConstraintSupport.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/ICardinalityConstraint.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DEFAULT_LEVEL': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DEFAULT_LEVEL': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DEFAULT_TARGET': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DEFAULT_TARGET': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_TARGET_METAPATH
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_TARGET_METAPATH
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DEFAULT_TARGET_METAPATH': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraint.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DEFAULT_TARGET_METAPATH': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintSupport.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintSupport.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintSupport.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintSupport.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidationHandler.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidator.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidator.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidator.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IConstraintValidator.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IExpectConstraint.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexConstraint.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexConstraint.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IIndexHasKeyConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyConstraint.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyConstraint.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IKeyField.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IMatchesConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IMatchesConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IMatchesConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IMatchesConstraint.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IMatchesConstraint.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IMatchesConstraint.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IMatchesConstraint.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IMatchesConstraint.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IUniqueConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IUniqueConstraint.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IUniqueConstraint.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IUniqueConstraint.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NULL_CONSTRAINT': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NULL_CONSTRAINT': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/IValueConstraintSupport.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:43:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:43:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:44:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:44:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:50:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getPathFormatter()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:50:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getPathFormatter()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathFormatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathFormatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nodeItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nodeItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:82:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'toPath(INodeItem)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:82:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'toPath(INodeItem)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:107:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:107:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:115:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:115:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:124:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:124:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'oldItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:133:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:133:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:143:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:143:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:152:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:152:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:162:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:162:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:171:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/LoggingConstraintValidationHandler.java:171:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/package-info.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/constraint/package-info.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:35:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:35:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:36:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:36:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:40:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:40:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:44:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:44:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'adapter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'adapter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duplicate' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDataTypeProvider.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duplicate' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatype.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractDatatypeJavaTypeAdapter.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:36:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:36:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractIntegerAdapter.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:57:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:57:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:57:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:57:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:58:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:58:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_JSON_FIELD_NAME
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_JSON_FIELD_NAME
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextQName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextQName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'builder' (lines '107'-'130').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'builder' (lines '107'-'130').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '110'-'130').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '110'-'130').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventWriter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventWriter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:183:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:183:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'typedItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'typedItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:197:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:197:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:200:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:200:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:201:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:201:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:208:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:208:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:212:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:212:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractJavaTypeAdapter.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/AbstractStringJavaTypeAdapter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:41:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:41:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:48:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:48:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "rawtypes" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "rawtypes" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:50:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:50:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:56:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:56:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:60:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:60:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:70:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:70:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:70:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:70:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'libraryByName' (lines '71'-'87').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'libraryByName' (lines '71'-'87').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'libraryByName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'libraryByName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:71:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:71:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'libraryByClass' (lines '73'-'87').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'libraryByClass' (lines '73'-'87').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'libraryByClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'libraryByClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:73:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:73:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/DataTypeService.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDataTypeProvider.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDataTypeProvider.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDataTypeProvider.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDataTypeProvider.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDataTypeProvider.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDataTypeProvider.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDatatype.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDatatype.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDatatype.java:37:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IDatatype.java:37:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:50:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:50:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:50:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:50:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:92:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:92:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:143:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:143:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:146:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:146:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:149:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:149:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:155:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:155:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:156:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:156:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:159:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:159:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:164:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:164:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:169:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:169:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:170:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:170:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:180:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:180:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:182:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:182:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:183:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:183:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:184:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:184:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:185:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:185:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:188:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:188:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:189:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:189:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:191:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:191:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:193:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:193:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:205:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:205:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:217:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:217:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:220:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:220:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:232:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '232'-'234').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:232:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '232'-'234').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:236:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:236:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:239:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:239:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:251:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:251:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:252:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '252'-'254').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:252:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '252'-'254').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:256:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:256:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:259:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:259:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '272'-'274').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '272'-'274').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:276:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:276:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:277:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:277:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:278:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:278:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:280:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:280:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:286:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:286:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:300:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:300:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:301:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:301:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:302:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:302:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:303:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:303:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:304:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:304:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:319:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:319:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:332:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:332:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:341:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/IJavaTypeAdapter.java:341:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:34:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:34:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/AbstractMarkupAdapter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:37:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decoder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decoder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encoder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encoder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/Base64Adapter.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:117:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:117:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numeric' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numeric' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '121'-'123').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapter.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '121'-'123').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:60:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:60:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accessor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accessor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:69:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:69:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatted' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatted' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatted' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatted' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapter.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:33:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:33:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:39:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:39:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:40:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:40:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:42:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:42:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:43:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateFormats.java:43:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:48:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:48:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:60:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:60:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:68:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:68:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatted' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatted' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatted' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatted' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapter.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:52:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:52:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:52:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:52:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateWithTZAdapter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:58:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:58:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DayTimeAdapter.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DECIMAL_BOOLEAN_TRUE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DECIMAL_BOOLEAN_TRUE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DECIMAL_BOOLEAN_FALSE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DECIMAL_BOOLEAN_FALSE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:63:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:63:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:96:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:96:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DecimalAdapter.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:37:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:37:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:37:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:37:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/EmailAddressAdapter.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:37:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:37:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:37:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:37:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/HostnameAdapter.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:62:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:62:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv4AddressAdapter.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:62:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:62:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IPv6AddressAdapter.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:44:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:44:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:44:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:44:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:44:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:44:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:66:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:66:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/IntegerAdapter.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:54:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:54:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventWriter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventWriter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ml' (lines '109'-'121').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ml' (lines '109'-'121').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupLineAdapter.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:54:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:54:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextQName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextQName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventWriter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventWriter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mml' (lines '118'-'130').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mml' (lines '118'-'130').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MarkupMultilineAdapter.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:33:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MetaschemaDataTypeProvider' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=25, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:33:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'MetaschemaDataTypeProvider' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=25, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NON_NEGATIVE_INTEGER
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NON_NEGATIVE_INTEGER
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like YEAR_MONTH_DURATION
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like YEAR_MONTH_DURATION
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:87:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:87:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/MetaschemaDataTypeProvider.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NcNameAdapter.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:39:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:39:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:39:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:39:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:39:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:39:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/NonNegativeIntegerAdapter.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:39:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:39:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:39:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:39:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:39:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:39:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/PositiveIntegerAdapter.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:36:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:36:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:36:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:36:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:36:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:36:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/StringAdapter.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:37:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:37:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/TokenAdapter.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriAdapter.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:48:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:48:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UriReferenceAdapter.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:49:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:49:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/UuidAdapter.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:58:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:58:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/YearMonthAdapter.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:56:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:56:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_HTML_PREFIX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_HTML_PREFIX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'os' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'os' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:81:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'namespace'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:81:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'namespace'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:84:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'prefix'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:84:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'prefix'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writingVisitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nsContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nsContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'renderer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'renderer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:116:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:116:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:130:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'markdown'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:130:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'markdown'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupString.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=66, ATFD=26, TCC=0.585%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=66, ATFD=26, TCC=0.585%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AbstractMarkupXmlWriter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AbstractMarkupXmlWriter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:72:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:91:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field handleBlockElements has the same name as a method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:91:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field handleBlockElements has the same name as a method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:91:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:91:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:93:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:93:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handleBlockElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handleBlockElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'namespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'namespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parentNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parentNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'handleInlineElements' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'handleInlineElements' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'handleInlineElements(Node, WRITER)' has a NCSS line count of 73.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:134:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'handleInlineElements(Node, WRITER)' has a NCSS line count of 73.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'138').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'138').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'141').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'141').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'144').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'144').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'147').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'147').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'154').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'154').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'157').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'157').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'160').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'160').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'163').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'163').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'166').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'166').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'169').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'169').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'173').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'173').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'176').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'176').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'179').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'179').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'182').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'182').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'185').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'185').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'188').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'188').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'191').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '135'-'191').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:196:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:196:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'200').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'200').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'203').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'203').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'206').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'206').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'209').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'209').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'212').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'212').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'215').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:197:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '197'-'215').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:220:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:220:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:225:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:225:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:228:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:228:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:228:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:228:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:228:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:228:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tableQName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tableQName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'body' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'body' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trQName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trQName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:280:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:280:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:280:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:280:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:280:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:280:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:281:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:281:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:285:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:285:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:288:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:288:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:288:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:288:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:288:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:288:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:294:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:294:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:298:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:298:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:298:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:298:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:298:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:298:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:299:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:299:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:308:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:308:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:312:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:312:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entityText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entityText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'replacement' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'replacement' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:314:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:314:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:317:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:326:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:326:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'localName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'localName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:326:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:333:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:333:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:335:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:335:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:337:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:337:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:337:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:337:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:337:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:337:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:338:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:338:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:346:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:346:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:349:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:349:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:351:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:351:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:351:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:351:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:351:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:351:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:356:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:356:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:358:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:358:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:361:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/AbstractMarkupXmlWriter.java:361:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:46:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The transform method 'toHtmlAsStream' should not return void linguistically
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:46:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The transform method 'toHtmlAsStream' should not return void linguistically
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/IMarkupText.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'options' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'options' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'astNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'astNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupLine.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'astNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupMultiline.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'astNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:71:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:71:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:71:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=157, ATFD=137, TCC=19.212%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:71:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=157, ATFD=137, TCC=19.212%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:71:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:71:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like LEADING_WHITESPACE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like LEADING_WHITESPACE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TRAILING_WHITESPACE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TRAILING_WHITESPACE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:84:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:84:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:87:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:87:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:99:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:99:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:102:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:102:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:107:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'parseToString(XMLEventReader2, StringBuilder)' has an NPath complexity of 216, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:107:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'parseToString(XMLEventReader2, StringBuilder)' has an NPath complexity of 216, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '108'-'113').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '108'-'113').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '113'-'115').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '113'-'115').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '113'-'163').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '113'-'163').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:113:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'nextEvent' is never used (overwritten on line 115)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:113:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'nextEvent' is never used (overwritten on line 115)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:146:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:146:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:161:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:161:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:175:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:175:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attribute' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attribute' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:182:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:182:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'next' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'next' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:186:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:186:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:191:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:191:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:208:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:208:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:219:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '219'-'253').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:219:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '219'-'253').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:251:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:251:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:255:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:255:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:256:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:256:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:259:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:259:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:266:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:266:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:272:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:272:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'options' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'options' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'document' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'document' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:276:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '276'-'281').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:276:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '276'-'281').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:278:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "enter: {}" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 278
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:278:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "enter: {}" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 278
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:281:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '281'-'283').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:281:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '281'-'283').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:281:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 283)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:281:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 283)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:286:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "event: {}" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 286
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:286:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "event: {}" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 286
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:342:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '342'-'352').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:342:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '342'-'352').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:342:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 281)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:342:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 281)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:346:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "exit: {}" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 346
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:346:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "exit: {}" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 346
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:346:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:346:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:349:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:349:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:351:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:351:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:354:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:354:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:357:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:357:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:371:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:371:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:371:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:371:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:372:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:372:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:374:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paragraph' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:374:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paragraph' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:382:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:382:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:383:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:383:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:387:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:387:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:400:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:400:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'blockNode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:400:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:400:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:400:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:400:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:407:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '407'-'410').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:407:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '407'-'410').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:407:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 410)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:407:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 410)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '409'-'428').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '409'-'428').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:410:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '410'-'412').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:410:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '410'-'412').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:410:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '410'-'428').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:410:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '410'-'428').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:410:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 412)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:410:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 412)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:412:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '412'-'410').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:412:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '412'-'410').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:420:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '420'-'428').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:420:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '420'-'428').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:430:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:430:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:433:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:433:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:447:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:447:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:447:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:447:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:448:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:448:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:454:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:454:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:457:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:457:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:471:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:471:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:471:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:471:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:472:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:472:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:478:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:478:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:479:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:479:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:482:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:482:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:495:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:495:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:495:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:495:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:495:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:495:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:501:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '501'-'503').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:501:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '501'-'503').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:501:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 503)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:501:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 503)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:503:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '503'-'505').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:503:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '503'-'505').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:503:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 505)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:503:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 505)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:511:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'handled' (lines '511'-'526').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:511:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'handled' (lines '511'-'526').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:513:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:513:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:514:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:514:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:514:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:514:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:519:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:519:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:521:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:521:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:551:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:551:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:552:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:552:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:557:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:557:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:568:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:568:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:568:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:568:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:568:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:568:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:573:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:573:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:573:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:573:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:576:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '576'-'580').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:576:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '576'-'580').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:576:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 580)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:576:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 580)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:578:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '578'-'598').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:578:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '578'-'598').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:586:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'handled' (lines '586'-'599').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:586:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'handled' (lines '586'-'599').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:588:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:588:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:589:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:589:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:589:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:589:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:591:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:591:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:594:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:594:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:604:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:604:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:613:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:613:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:613:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:613:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:620:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '620'-'629').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:620:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '620'-'629').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:631:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:631:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:634:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:634:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:644:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:644:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:651:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:651:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:651:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:651:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:651:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:651:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:658:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:658:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:664:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:664:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:665:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:665:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:666:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:666:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:666:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:666:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:667:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:667:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:670:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:670:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:677:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:677:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:679:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:679:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:691:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:691:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:691:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:691:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:692:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:692:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:694:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:694:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:702:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:702:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:703:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:703:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:704:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'table' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:704:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'table' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:706:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'table'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:706:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'table'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:709:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:709:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:709:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:709:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:713:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:713:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:713:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:713:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:717:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:717:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:717:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:717:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:721:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:721:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:721:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:721:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:725:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:725:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:725:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:725:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:729:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:729:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:729:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:729:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:733:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:733:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:733:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:733:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:733:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:733:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:735:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:735:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:736:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:736:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:746:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:746:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:747:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:747:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:751:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:751:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:764:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:764:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:764:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:764:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:764:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:764:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:771:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '771'-'774').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:771:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '771'-'774').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:771:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 774)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:771:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 774)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:773:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '773'-'791').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:773:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '773'-'791').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:773:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '773'-'807').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:773:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '773'-'807').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:774:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '774'-'776').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:774:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '774'-'776').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:774:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '774'-'807').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:774:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '774'-'807').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:774:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 776)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:774:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 776)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:782:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'handled' (lines '782'-'790').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:782:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'handled' (lines '782'-'790').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:784:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:784:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:785:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:785:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:785:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:785:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:787:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:787:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:791:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '791'-'791').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:791:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '791'-'791').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:791:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '791'-'807').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:791:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '791'-'807').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:798:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '798'-'791').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:798:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '798'-'791').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:798:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '798'-'807').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:798:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '798'-'807').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:809:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stripLeadingWhitespace
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:809:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stripLeadingWhitespace
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:809:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'characters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:809:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'characters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:809:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stripLeadingWhitespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:809:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stripLeadingWhitespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:810:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stripTrailingWhitespace
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:810:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stripTrailingWhitespace
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:810:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stripTrailingWhitespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:810:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stripTrailingWhitespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:824:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:824:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:824:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:824:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:824:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:824:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:825:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'href' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:825:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'href' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:826:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'link' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:826:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'link' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:831:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:831:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:832:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:832:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:840:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:840:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:840:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:840:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:840:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:840:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:841:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:841:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:842:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idReference' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:842:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idReference' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:846:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insert' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:846:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insert' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:854:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:854:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:854:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:854:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:854:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:854:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:855:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'alt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:855:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'alt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:856:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'src' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:856:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'src' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:857:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'image' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:857:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'image' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'handleInlineContent(Node, XMLEventReader2, XMLEvent, boolean)' has a NCSS line count of 61.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:870:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'handleInlineContent(Node, XMLEventReader2, XMLEvent, boolean)' has a NCSS line count of 61.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:876:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:876:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:878:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:878:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:880:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:880:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:882:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:882:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:883:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:883:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:884:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:884:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:884:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:884:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:888:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:888:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:890:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'quote' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:890:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'quote' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:896:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:896:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:902:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:902:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:908:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:908:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:914:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:914:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:920:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:920:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:926:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:926:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:932:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:932:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:955:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:955:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:960:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:960:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:973:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:973:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:973:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:973:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:973:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:973:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:979:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '979'-'982').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:979:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '979'-'982').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:979:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 982)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:979:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 982)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:981:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '981'-'1,000').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:981:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '981'-'1,000').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:982:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '982'-'984').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:982:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '982'-'984').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:982:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '982'-'1,000').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:982:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '982'-'1,000').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:982:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 984)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:982:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'event' is never used (overwritten on line 984)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:992:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '992'-'1,000').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParser.java:992:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstEvent' (lines '992'-'1,000').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handleBlockElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handleBlockElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'namespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'namespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'alt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'alt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'href' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'href' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entityText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entityText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:157:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:157:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:157:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:157:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:159:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:159:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:185:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:185:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:193:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:193:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:198:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlEventWriter.java:198:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handleBlockElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handleBlockElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'namespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'namespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'alt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'alt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'href' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'href' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entityText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entityText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'href' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'href' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:115:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:115:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:141:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:141:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:149:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:149:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:155:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriter.java:155:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:35:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:35:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:36:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'indent'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:36:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'indent'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:37:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'eolPending'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:37:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'eolPending'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/AstCollectingVisitor.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'closer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'closer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'delimitersUsed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'delimitersUsed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'opener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'opener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteDelimiterProcessor.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/DoubleQuoteNode.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:51:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:51:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:53:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field instance has the same name as a method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:53:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field instance has the same name as a method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the TYPOGRAPHIC_REPLACEMENT_MAP field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the TYPOGRAPHIC_REPLACEMENT_MAP field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TYPOGRAPHIC_REPLACEMENT_MAP
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TYPOGRAPHIC_REPLACEMENT_MAP
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:55:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:83:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:83:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:83:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:83:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:84:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:84:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:85:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:85:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:85:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:85:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:86:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:86:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:86:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:86:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:95:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'htmlParser'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:95:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'htmlParser'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:98:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'markdownParser'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:98:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'markdownParser'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:110:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:110:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'extensions' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'extensions' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:157:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:157:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:159:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:159:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:178:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:178:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:180:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:180:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:199:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:199:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:201:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:201:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:211:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:211:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:220:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:220:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:222:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/FlexmarkFactory.java:222:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:36:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:45:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:45:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:49:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:49:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rendererBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rendererBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rendererType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rendererType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parserBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parserBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/HtmlQuoteTagExtension.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ENABLE_INLINE_INSERT_ANCHORS
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ENABLE_INLINE_INSERT_ANCHORS
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:48:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:48:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:48:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:48:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:52:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:52:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rendererBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rendererBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rendererType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rendererType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parserBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parserBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorExtension.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markdown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorFormatter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'node'.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:57:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'node'.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:60:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:60:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idRef' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idRef' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorHtmlNodeRenderer.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:45:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:45:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:45:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'inlineParser'.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:45:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'inlineParser'.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:49:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:49:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:53:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:53:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:58:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:58:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'input' (lines '58'-'68').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'input' (lines '58'-'68').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idReference' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idReference' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:73:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:73:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:83:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:83:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lightInlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorInlineParser.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lightInlineParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idReference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idReference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idReference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idReference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:69:	UseShortArrayInitializer:	UseShortArrayInitializer: Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:69:	UseShortArrayInitializer:	UseShortArrayInitializer: Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:74:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:74:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNode.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorNodeRenderer.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like enableInlineInsertAnchors
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like enableInlineInsertAnchors
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertAnchorOptions.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:48:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:48:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'markup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insert' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/InsertVisitor.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insert' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:39:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:39:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'typographicQuotes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'typographicQuotes' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'quoteNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'quoteNode' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagDoubleQuoteNodePostProcessor.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'document' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:41:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:41:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'out'.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:48:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'out'.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagHtmlNodeRenderer.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:41:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:41:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/QTagNodeRenderer.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/flexmark/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:46:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:46:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:48:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field hasTimeZone has the same name as a method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:48:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field hasTimeZone has the same name as a method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:48:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'hasTimeZone' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:48:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'hasTimeZone' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hasTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hasTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/AbstractAmbiguousDateTime.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:31:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Date
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:31:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Date
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hasTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hasTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/Date.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hasTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hasTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/DateTime.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/object/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/package-info.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/package-info.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '68'-'73').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '68'-'73').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '68'-'75').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '68'-'75').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rootName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rootName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:72:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:72:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IAssemblyDefinition.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_DEFINITION_MODEL_SCOPE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_DEFINITION_MODEL_SCOPE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DEFAULT_DEFINITION_MODEL_SCOPE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DEFAULT_DEFINITION_MODEL_SCOPE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metaschema' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metaschema' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IDefinition.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFieldDefinition.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlagDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlagDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlagDefinition.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlagDefinition.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlagDefinition.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlagDefinition.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlagDefinition.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlagDefinition.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:85:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:85:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:92:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:92:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:99:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:99:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:118:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:118:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IFlaggedDefinition.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IModelContainer.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedDefinition.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedDefinition.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedModelDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedModelDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedModelDefinition.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedModelDefinition.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedValuedDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedValuedDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedValuedDefinition.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/INamedValuedDefinition.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IValuedDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IValuedDefinition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IValuedDefinition.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IValuedDefinition.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IValuedDefinition.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IValuedDefinition.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IValuedDefinition.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/IValuedDefinition.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/JsonValueKeyTypeEnum.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/JsonValueKeyTypeEnum.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/JsonValueKeyTypeEnum.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/JsonValueKeyTypeEnum.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/definition/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IAssemblyInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IAssemblyInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IAssemblyInstance.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IAssemblyInstance.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IAssemblyInstance.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IAssemblyInstance.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IAssemblyInstance.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IAssemblyInstance.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IChoiceInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IChoiceInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '52'-'56').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '52'-'56').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '52'-'58').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '52'-'58').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:56:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:56:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupAsName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupAsName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:94:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:94:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFieldInstance.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IFlagInstance.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metaschema' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IInstance.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metaschema' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '58'-'62').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '58'-'62').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '58'-'64').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '58'-'64').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:61:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:61:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/IModelInstance.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'definition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'definition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'containingDefinition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'containingDefinition' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:68:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like containingDefinition
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:68:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like containingDefinition
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:71:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:71:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:75:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedInstance.java:75:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedModelInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedModelInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedModelInstance.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/INamedModelInstance.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/JsonGroupAsBehavior.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rootAssemblyDefinition
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rootAssemblyDefinition
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:40:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'definition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'definition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rootAssembly' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rootAssembly' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:69:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:69:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/RootAssemblyDefinitionInstance.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/XmlGroupAsBehavior.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/XmlGroupAsBehavior.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/XmlGroupAsBehavior.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/XmlGroupAsBehavior.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/instance/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/AbstractCodedMetapathException.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ignoringWrappers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ignoringWrappers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ruleNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ruleNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tree' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tree' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'indentation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'indentation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toBeIgnored' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toBeIgnored' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ruleName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ruleName' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:56:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:56:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:60:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:60:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:62:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:62:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:63:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:63:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:64:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:64:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/CSTPrinter.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'element' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:41:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:41:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:42:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:42:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:51:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:54:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:57:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:60:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:63:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:66:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:69:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:79:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:82:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:85:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:88:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:96:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:99:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:102:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:105:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ConstraintVisitingModelWalker.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'constraint' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:50:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DynamicContext' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=22.222%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=9)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:50:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DynamicContext' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=22.222%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=9)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like availableDocuments
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like availableDocuments
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like functionResultCache
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like functionResultCache
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'staticContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'staticContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clock' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clock' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'documentLoader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'documentLoader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'callingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'callingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'callingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'callingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:114:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:114:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:116:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:116:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'proxy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'proxy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:125:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:125:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '128'-'136').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '128'-'136').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:139:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:139:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:148:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:148:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'documentUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'documentUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:148:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:148:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/DynamicContext.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:34:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field syntaxError has the same name as a method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field syntaxError has the same name as a method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'syntaxError' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'syntaxError' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'syntaxError'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:36:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'syntaxError'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like charPositionInLine
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like charPositionInLine
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'charPositionInLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'charPositionInLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'line' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'line' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offendingSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offendingSymbol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recognizer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recognizer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FailingErrorListener.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:56:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:56:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/IDocumentLoader.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:118:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:118:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:124:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:124:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:137:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:137:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:144:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:144:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:148:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:148:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:149:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/INodeContext.java:149:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:37:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:37:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like writableStackTrace
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like writableStackTrace
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enableSuppression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enableSuppression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writableStackTrace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathException.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'writableStackTrace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:55:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:55:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lexer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lexer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '72'-'78').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '72'-'78').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:73:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:73:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:88:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:88:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:90:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:90:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:90:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:90:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tree' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tree' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numeric' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numeric' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:155:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:155:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathExpression.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:39:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:39:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/StaticContext.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:32:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:32:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:33:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'indentation'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:33:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'indentation'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastIndentation'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastIndentation'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like indentationPadding
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like indentationPadding
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:69:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:69:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'childResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'childResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:81:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:81:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:211:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:211:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:211:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:211:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ASTPrinter.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:43:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:43:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractArithmeticExpression.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractBinaryExpression.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractComparison.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:33:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:33:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:33:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:33:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractLiteralExpression.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNAryExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNAryExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNAryExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNAryExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNAryExpression.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNAryExpression.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:38:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:38:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:45:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:45:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '93'-'96').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '93'-'96').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:95:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:95:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '108'-'110').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractNamedInstanceExpression.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '108'-'110').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractPathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractPathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractPathExpression.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractPathExpression.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractPathExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractPathExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractPathExpression.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractPathExpression.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:45:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:45:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:48:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getBaseResultType' called during object construction
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRelativePathExpression.java:48:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getBaseResultType' called during object construction
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractRootPathExpression.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:39:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'expr' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:39:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'expr' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/AbstractUnaryExpression.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Addition.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:39:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like And
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:39:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like And
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chidren' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chidren' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/And.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:75:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:75:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:75:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=94, ATFD=131, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:75:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=94, ATFD=131, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:76:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:76:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:94:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:94:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'supplier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'supplier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:104:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 104
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:104:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 104
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'step' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'step' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'supplier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'supplier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:148:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:148:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'children' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'children' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:182:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'visitComparisonexpr(ComparisonexprContext)' has a NCSS line count of 67.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:182:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'visitComparisonexpr(ComparisonexprContext)' has a NCSS line count of 67.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:184:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:184:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:185:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:185:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:186:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:186:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'left' (lines '190'-'255').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'left' (lines '190'-'255').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'right' (lines '191'-'255').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'right' (lines '191'-'255').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operatorTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operatorTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'payload' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'payload' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'compContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:262:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:262:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:263:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:263:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:267:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:267:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:278:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:278:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'step' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'step' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:282:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:282:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:287:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:287:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:300:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:300:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operatorTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operatorTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:324:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:324:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:326:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operatorTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:326:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operatorTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:328:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:328:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:358:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:358:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:359:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:359:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:360:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'negateCount' (lines '360'-'370').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:360:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'negateCount' (lines '360'-'370').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:360:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'negateCount' (lines '360'-'383').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:360:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'negateCount' (lines '360'-'383').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:364:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:364:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:377:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:377:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:379:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:379:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:386:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:386:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:387:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numChildren' (lines '387'-'419').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:387:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numChildren' (lines '387'-'419').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:387:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:387:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:390:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:390:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:396:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:396:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:398:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pathTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:398:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pathTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:399:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeExpr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:399:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeExpr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:400:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '400'-'416').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:400:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '400'-'416').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:402:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '402'-'416').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:402:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '402'-'416').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pathTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pathTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '409'-'416').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '409'-'416').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:422:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:422:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operatorTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operatorTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:425:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:425:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:428:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:428:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:446:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:446:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:447:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:447:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:459:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:459:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:460:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:460:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:461:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:461:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:478:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:478:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:479:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expr' (lines '479'-'484').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:479:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expr' (lines '479'-'484').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:479:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'expr' (lines '479'-'489').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:479:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'expr' (lines '479'-'489').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:479:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'expr' is never used (overwritten on line 484)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:479:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'expr' is never used (overwritten on line 484)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:480:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:480:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:482:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:482:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:483:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:483:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:484:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:484:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:492:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:492:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:496:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:496:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:496:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:496:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:497:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:497:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:500:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:500:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:503:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:503:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:505:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argument' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:505:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argument' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:511:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argument' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:511:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argument' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:519:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:519:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:520:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nameTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:520:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nameTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:521:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:521:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:521:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:522:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argumentListTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:522:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argumentListTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:528:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:528:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:532:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:532:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:532:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:532:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:535:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:535:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:535:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:535:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:536:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'expr'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:536:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'expr'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:540:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:540:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:545:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:545:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:546:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:546:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:547:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:547:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'primaryTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:548:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:548:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:550:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:550:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:551:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicates' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:551:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicates' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:552:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:552:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:559:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:559:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:559:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:559:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:559:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'staringChild' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:559:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'staringChild' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:560:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:560:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:561:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numPredicates' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:561:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numPredicates' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:567:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:567:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:574:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicate' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:574:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicate' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:582:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:582:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:583:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stepTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:583:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stepTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:584:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:584:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:586:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicateTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:586:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicateTree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:587:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicates' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:587:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicates' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:588:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:588:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:595:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:595:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:596:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:596:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:598:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:598:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:599:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:599:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:600:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '600'-'601').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:600:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '600'-'601').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:600:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:600:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:600:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'retval' is never used (overwritten on line 601)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:600:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'retval' is never used (overwritten on line 601)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:601:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:601:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:604:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:604:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:605:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:605:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:612:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:612:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:613:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:613:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:614:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:614:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:619:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:619:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:624:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:624:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:629:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:629:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:630:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:630:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:631:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:631:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:639:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:639:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:640:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:640:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'numChildren' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:641:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:641:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:649:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/BuildAstVisitor.java:649:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ContextItem.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/DecimalLiteral.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Division.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:34:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:34:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expressionClasses' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expressionClasses' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:52:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:52:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expressionClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expressionClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:64:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:64:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'first' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'first' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newBase' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newBase' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:82:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:82:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expressionClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expressionClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'match' (lines '94'-'97').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'match' (lines '94'-'97').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:106:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '106'-'112').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:106:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '106'-'112').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:106:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:106:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newBase' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newBase' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expressionClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expressionClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '122'-'125').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '122'-'125').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtils.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clazz' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:37:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Flag
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:37:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Flag
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Flag.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:70:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:70:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/FunctionCall.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/GeneralComparison.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IArithmeticExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IArithmeticExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IArithmeticExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IArithmeticExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IArithmeticExpression.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IArithmeticExpression.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IBooleanLogicExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IBooleanLogicExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IBooleanLogicExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IBooleanLogicExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IComparison.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IComparison.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IComparison.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IComparison.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IComparison.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IComparison.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IComparison.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'Operator': the enum is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IComparison.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'Operator': the enum is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IExpression.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:36:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:36:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:36:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:36:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ILiteralExpression.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/INameExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/INameExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/INameExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/INameExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/INameExpression.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/INameExpression.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IPathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IPathExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IPathExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IPathExpression.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IPathExpression.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IPathExpression.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'after' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ITriFunction.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'after' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerDivision.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/IntegerLiteral.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Metapath.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:37:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Mod
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:37:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Mod
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Mod.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ModelInstance.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Multiplication.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:37:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Name
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:37:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Name
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Name.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Negate.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:39:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Or
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:39:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Or
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chidren' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chidren' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Or.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ParenthesizedExpression.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeDoubleSlashPath.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RelativeSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootDoubleSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:43:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:43:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashOnlyPath.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/RootSlashPath.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:46:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Step
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:46:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Step
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:48:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:48:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'predicates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'predicates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stepExpr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stepExpr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:93:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:93:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Step.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chidren' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chidren' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringConcat.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:58:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:58:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:59:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'value'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:59:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'value'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/StringLiteral.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Subtraction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Union.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ValueComparison.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/Wildcard.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:75:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:75:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:75:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:75:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:75:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:75:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:82:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:82:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childExpr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childExpr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'childResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'childResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:115:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:115:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:199:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:220:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:245:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/AbstractExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:255:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CODE_INVALID_VALUE_FOR_CAST
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CODE_INVALID_VALUE_FOR_CAST
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/DynamicMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:37:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:37:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:61:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:61:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:63:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:63:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/EmptyListImpl.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:72:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:72:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:108:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:133:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:133:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:139:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:139:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:145:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like relativeDoubleSlashPath
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:145:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like relativeDoubleSlashPath
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:149:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:149:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rootDoubleSlashPath
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rootDoubleSlashPath
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:157:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:157:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:161:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:161:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:168:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:168:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:171:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:171:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/IExpressionEvaluationVisitor.java:174:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:45:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:45:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EMPTY': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EMPTY': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'empty': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'empty': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:56:	ShortMethodName:	ShortMethodName: Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:56:	ShortMethodName:	ShortMethodName: Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'of': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'of': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:61:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:61:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:67:	ShortMethodName:	ShortMethodName: Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:67:	ShortMethodName:	ShortMethodName: Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'of': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'of': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:78:	ShortMethodName:	ShortMethodName: Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:78:	ShortMethodName:	ShortMethodName: Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'of': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'of': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:93:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'toSequence': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:93:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'toSequence': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:122:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:122:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:123:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:123:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:125:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ISequence.java:125:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:39:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:39:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:78:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:78:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/ListSequenceImpl.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:97:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=214, ATFD=102, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:97:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=214, ATFD=102, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:97:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:97:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:98:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:98:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '118'-'122').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '118'-'122').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:131:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '131'-'135').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:131:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '131'-'135').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operator' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operator' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:160:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:160:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:161:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:161:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'compare' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'compare' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'compare(IAnyAtomicItem, IComparison.Operator, IAnyAtomicItem)' has a NCSS line count of 217.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:165:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'compare(IAnyAtomicItem, IComparison.Operator, IAnyAtomicItem)' has a NCSS line count of 217.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '167'-'171').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '167'-'171').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:171:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '171'-'200').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:171:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '171'-'200').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:195:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Unsupported operator '%s'" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 195
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:195:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Unsupported operator '%s'" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 195
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:200:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '200'-'229').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:200:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '200'-'229').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:203:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:203:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:204:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:204:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:212:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:212:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:213:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:213:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:229:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '229'-'258').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:229:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '229'-'258').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:232:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:232:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:233:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:233:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:241:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:241:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:242:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:242:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:258:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '258'-'287').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:258:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '258'-'287').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:261:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:261:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:262:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:262:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:270:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:270:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:271:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:271:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'316').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'316').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'324').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'324').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'330').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'330').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'338').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'338').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'341').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'341').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'353').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'353').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'359').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'359').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'367').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'367').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'370').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'370').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'378').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'378').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:287:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '287'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:290:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:290:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:291:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:291:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:300:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:300:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:316:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '316'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:320:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:320:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:320:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:320:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:322:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:322:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '324'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:326:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:326:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:326:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:326:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:328:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:328:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:328:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:328:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '330'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:332:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "the item types are not comparable" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 332
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:332:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "the item types are not comparable" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 332
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '338'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '341'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:349:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:349:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:349:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:349:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:351:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:351:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:351:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:351:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '353'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:353:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:355:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:355:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:355:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:355:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:357:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:357:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '359'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:359:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:367:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '367'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:370:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '370'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'386').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'392').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'396').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'402').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'409').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '378'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:386:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '386'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:386:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '386'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:389:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:389:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:389:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:389:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:391:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:391:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:392:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '392'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:392:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '392'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:396:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '396'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:396:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '396'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:399:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:399:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:399:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:399:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:401:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:401:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eq' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:401:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:401:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:402:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '402'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:402:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '402'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:406:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '406'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:406:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '406'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '409'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:409:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '409'-'421').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:417:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:417:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:417:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:417:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:424:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:424:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:425:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:425:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:426:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:426:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:427:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:427:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:427:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:427:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:428:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operator' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:428:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'operator' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:432:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:432:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:433:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:433:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:454:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:454:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:455:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:455:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:459:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:459:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:460:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:460:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:460:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:468:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:468:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:468:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:468:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:468:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:468:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:469:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'retval' is never used (overwritten on lines 471, 473, 475 and 477)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:469:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'retval' is never used (overwritten on lines 471, 473, 475 and 477)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:477:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:483:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:483:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:483:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:483:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:488:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:488:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:488:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:488:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:491:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:491:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:503:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:503:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:503:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:503:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:504:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:504:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:508:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:508:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:513:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 513
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:513:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 513
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:515:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:515:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contextItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contextItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:516:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:516:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:522:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:522:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:531:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:531:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:531:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:531:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:533:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:533:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:533:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stepResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:533:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stepResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:536:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:536:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:538:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:544:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:544:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:547:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:547:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:551:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicateIndex' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:551:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicateIndex' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:559:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:559:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:560:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicateResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:560:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'predicateResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:565:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:565:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:568:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:568:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:574:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:574:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:574:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:574:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:577:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:577:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:578:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:578:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:594:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:594:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:595:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:595:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:598:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:598:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:599:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:599:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:600:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:600:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:609:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:609:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:609:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:609:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:614:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:614:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:615:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:615:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:616:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:616:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:618:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:618:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:619:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:619:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:621:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:621:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:621:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:621:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:621:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:621:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:628:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:628:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:633:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:638:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:638:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:638:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:638:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:638:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:638:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:650:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:650:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:656:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:656:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:656:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:656:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:656:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:656:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:660:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeMatches' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:660:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeMatches' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:661:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:661:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:664:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'flags' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:664:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'flags' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:665:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'modelItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:665:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'modelItems' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:668:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:668:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:668:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childMatches' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:668:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childMatches' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:675:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:675:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:679:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:679:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:680:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:680:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:681:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:681:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:690:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'modelInstance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:690:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'modelInstance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:691:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:691:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:694:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeMatches' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:694:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeMatches' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:698:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childMatches' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:698:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childMatches' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:699:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:699:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:707:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:707:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:712:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:712:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:722:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:722:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:727:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:727:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:745:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:745:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:745:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:745:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:746:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:746:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:746:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:746:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:748:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:748:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:754:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:754:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:754:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:754:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:754:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitAddition' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:754:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitAddition' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:754:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'visitAddition(Addition, INodeContext)' has a NCSS line count of 67.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:754:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'visitAddition(Addition, INodeContext)' has a NCSS line count of 67.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:755:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:755:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:755:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:755:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:758:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:758:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:760:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:760:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:765:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:765:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:765:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:765:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:768:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:768:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:770:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:770:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:778:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:778:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:787:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:787:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:796:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:796:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:807:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:807:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:819:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:819:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:820:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:820:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:831:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:831:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:831:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:831:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:831:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitSubtraction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:831:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitSubtraction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:831:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'visitSubtraction(Subtraction, INodeContext)' has a NCSS line count of 61.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:831:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'visitSubtraction(Subtraction, INodeContext)' has a NCSS line count of 61.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:832:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:832:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:832:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:832:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:835:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:835:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:837:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:837:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:842:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:842:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:842:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:842:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:845:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:845:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:847:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:847:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:855:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:855:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:867:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:867:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:878:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:878:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:885:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:885:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:893:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:893:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:894:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:894:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:905:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:905:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:905:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:905:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:905:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitMultiplication' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:905:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitMultiplication' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:906:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:906:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:906:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:906:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:909:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:909:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:911:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:911:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:916:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:916:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:916:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:916:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:919:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:919:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:921:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:921:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:929:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:929:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:936:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:936:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:944:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:944:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:946:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:946:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:964:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:964:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:964:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:964:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:964:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitDivision' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:964:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitDivision' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:965:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:965:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:965:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:965:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:968:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:968:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:970:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:970:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:975:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:975:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:975:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:975:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:978:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:978:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:980:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:980:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:988:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:988:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:998:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:998:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1008:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1008:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1010:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1010:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1028:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1028:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1028:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1028:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1029:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1029:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1029:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1029:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1031:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1031:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1033:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1033:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1033:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1033:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1035:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1035:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1041:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1041:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1041:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1041:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1042:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1042:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1042:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1042:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1044:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1044:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1046:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1046:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1046:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1046:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1048:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1048:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1055:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1055:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1055:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1055:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1061:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1061:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1061:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1061:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1067:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1067:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1067:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1067:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1068:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1068:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1069:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1069:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1070:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1070:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1071:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1071:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1071:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1071:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1081:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1081:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1081:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1081:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1087:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1087:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1087:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1087:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1088:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1088:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1088:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1088:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1088:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1088:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1088:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arguments' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1088:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arguments' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1089:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1089:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1090:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1090:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1093:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'function' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1093:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'function' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1094:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1094:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1098:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1098:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1098:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1098:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1099:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1099:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1099:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1099:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childExpr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childExpr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor.java:1114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:36:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:36:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:76:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:76:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/SingletonSequenceImpl.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CODE_INVALID_VALUE_FOR_CAST
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CODE_INVALID_VALUE_FOR_CAST
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StaticMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:38:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:38:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:54:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:54:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:63:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:63:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:71:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:71:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:88:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:88:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/StreamSequenceImpl.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:66:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:73:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:73:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childExpr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childExpr' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'childResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nextResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:222:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:222:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:222:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:222:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/AbstractExpressionVisitor.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:35:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'instances' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:35:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'instances' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultInstanceSet.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rootDefinitions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rootDefinitions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rootInstances' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rootInstances' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instanceSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instanceSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instanceSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instanceSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchFilter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchFilter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flags' (lines '90'-'92').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flags' (lines '90'-'92').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flags' (lines '90'-'94').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flags' (lines '90'-'94').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recurse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'recurse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchFilter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'searchFilter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelInstances' (lines '109'-'111').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelInstances' (lines '109'-'111').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:127:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:127:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:133:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:133:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'modelInstances' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'modelInstances' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultingInstances' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultingInstances' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:135:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like resultingInstances
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:135:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like resultingInstances
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/DefaultMetaschemaContext.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:62:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:62:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:62:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:62:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:62:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:62:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:92:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:104:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like relativeDoubleSlashPath
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:104:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like relativeDoubleSlashPath
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:109:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rootDoubleSlashPath
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:109:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like rootDoubleSlashPath
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:113:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IExpressionVisitor.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_INSTANCE_SET
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_INSTANCE_SET
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EMPTY_INSTANCE_SET': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EMPTY_INSTANCE_SET': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newInstanceSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newInstanceSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:133:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:133:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:133:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newInstanceSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:133:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newInstanceSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:221:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:221:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:221:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newInstanceSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:221:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newInstanceSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:278:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:278:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:278:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newInstanceSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:278:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newInstanceSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:283:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '283'-'291').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:283:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '283'-'291').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:283:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '283'-'291').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IInstanceSet.java:283:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '283'-'291').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like newInstanceMetaschemaContext
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/IMetaschemaContext.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like newInstanceMetaschemaContext
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:50:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:50:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:51:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:51:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'allowedRoot'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'allowedRoot'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterUsingPredicates
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterUsingPredicates
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'filterUsingPredicates'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'filterUsingPredicates'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'allowedRoot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'allowedRoot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterUsingPredicates
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterUsingPredicates
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterUsingPredicates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterUsingPredicates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:124:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'predicates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'predicates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '134'-'140').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '134'-'140').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:134:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:158:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:158:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:163:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:163:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expression' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expression' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instanceSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instanceSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/MetaschemaInstanceEvaluationVisitor.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/instance/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IAssemblyPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IAssemblyPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IAssemblyPathSegment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IAssemblyPathSegment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IAssemblyPathSegment.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IAssemblyPathSegment.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDefinitionPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDefinitionPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDefinitionPathSegment.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDefinitionPathSegment.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDefinitionPathSegment.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDefinitionPathSegment.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDocumentPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDocumentPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDocumentPathSegment.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDocumentPathSegment.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDocumentPathSegment.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IDocumentPathSegment.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFieldPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFieldPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFieldPathSegment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFieldPathSegment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFieldPathSegment.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFieldPathSegment.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFlagPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFlagPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFlagPathSegment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFlagPathSegment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFlagPathSegment.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IFlagPathSegment.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IModelPositionalPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IModelPositionalPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IModelPositionalPathSegment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IModelPositionalPathSegment.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IModelPositionalPathSegment.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IModelPositionalPathSegment.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IModelPositionalPathSegment.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IModelPositionalPathSegment.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like METAPATH_PATH_FORMATER
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:44:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like METAPATH_PATH_FORMATER
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'METAPATH_PATH_FORMATER': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'METAPATH_PATH_FORMATER': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathFormatter.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathSegment.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathSegment.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathSegment.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IPathSegment.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IRootAssemblyPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IRootAssemblyPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IRootAssemblyPathSegment.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/IRootAssemblyPathSegment.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/JsonPathFormatter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/JsonPathFormatter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/JsonPathFormatter.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/JsonPathFormatter.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:35:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:35:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:85:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:85:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:86:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/MetapathFormatter.java:86:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/format/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the AbstractFunction constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:39:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the AbstractFunction constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunction.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:38:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:38:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:41:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:41:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:49:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:49:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:62:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:62:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:62:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:62:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duplicate' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duplicate' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:85:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:85:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:90:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:90:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'functions' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'functions' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:94:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:94:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:102:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:102:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:102:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like arityToFunctionMap
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:102:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like arityToFunctionMap
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:110:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:110:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/AbstractFunctionLibrary.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequenceType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequenceType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:69:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:69:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:71:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:71:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:86:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:86:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:90:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:90:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentImpl.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentType.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentType.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentType.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArgumentType.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like OVERFLOW_UNDERFLOW_ERROR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like OVERFLOW_UNDERFLOW_ERROR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DIVISION_BY_ZERO_MESSAGE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DIVISION_BY_ZERO_MESSAGE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ArithmeticFunctionException.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DURATION_OVERFLOW_UNDERFLOW_ERROR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DURATION_OVERFLOW_UNDERFLOW_ERROR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DateTimeFunctionException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:52:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=29, TCC=26.667%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:52:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=29, TCC=26.667%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:52:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DefaultFunction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:52:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DefaultFunction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:78:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DefaultFunction constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:78:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DefaultFunction constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'properties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'properties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:170:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'convertArguments' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:170:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'convertArguments' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:170:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'convertArguments(IFunction, List)' has an NPath complexity of 253, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:170:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'convertArguments(IFunction, List)' has an NPath complexity of 253, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:173:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '173'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:173:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '173'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:175:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'argumentIterator' (lines '175'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:175:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'argumentIterator' (lines '175'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argumentIterator' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argumentIterator' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parametersIterator' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parametersIterator' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:176:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like parametersIterator
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:176:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like parametersIterator
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:178:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'argument' (lines '178'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:178:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'argument' (lines '178'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:180:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:180:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '190'-'190').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '190'-'190').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '190'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:190:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '190'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'occurrence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'occurrence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:194:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:194:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:204:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:204:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:214:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:214:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:230:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'argumentClass' (lines '230'-'230').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:230:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'argumentClass' (lines '230'-'230').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:230:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'argumentClass' (lines '230'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:230:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'argumentClass' (lines '230'-'247').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argumentClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'argumentClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:249:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:249:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:250:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:250:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'argument' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'argument' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:260:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requiredSequenceType' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requiredSequenceType' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:266:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requiredSequenceType
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:266:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requiredSequenceType
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requiredSequenceTypeClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'requiredSequenceTypeClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:267:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requiredSequenceTypeClass
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:267:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like requiredSequenceTypeClass
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:269:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '269'-'298').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:269:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '269'-'298').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:271:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'atomize' (lines '271'-'298').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:271:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'atomize' (lines '271'-'298').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'atomize' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'atomize' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:275:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'item'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:275:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'item'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:283:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'item'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:283:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'item'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:288:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:288:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:304:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'convertedArguments' (lines '304'-'336').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:304:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'convertedArguments' (lines '304'-'336').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'convertedArguments' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'convertedArguments' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:304:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like convertedArguments
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:304:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like convertedArguments
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:315:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'callingContext' (lines '315'-'336').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:315:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'callingContext' (lines '315'-'336').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:315:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:315:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:316:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:316:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:320:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:320:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:330:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:330:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:344:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:344:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:346:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:346:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:348:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:348:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:348:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:348:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:350:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:350:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:350:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:350:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:351:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:351:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:352:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:352:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:353:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:353:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:364:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:364:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:367:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:367:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:370:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:370:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:372:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arguments' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:372:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arguments' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:373:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:373:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:382:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:382:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:385:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:385:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:390:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:390:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:390:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:390:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:390:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:390:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:394:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:394:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:395:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:395:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:397:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:397:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:399:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:399:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:399:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:399:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:408:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:408:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:423:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:423:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:431:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:431:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:433:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:433:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:433:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:433:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:435:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:435:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:435:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:435:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:437:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:437:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:437:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:437:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:438:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:438:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:439:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:439:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:439:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:439:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:440:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:440:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:440:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DefaultFunction.java:440:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_RETRIEVING_RESOURCE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_RETRIEVING_RESOURCE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/DocumentFunctionException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:40:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:40:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:47:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:47:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:55:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:55:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:57:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:57:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:65:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'load' called during object construction
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:65:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'load' called during object construction
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:74:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:74:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'libraryStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'libraryStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:78:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'functions' (lines '78'-'85').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:78:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'functions' (lines '78'-'85').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'functions' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'functions' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:114:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:114:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:121:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:121:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:126:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:126:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel:	AvoidSynchronizedAtMethodLevel: Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionService.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:42:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:42:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:47:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:47:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:58:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:58:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:71:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:71:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:84:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:84:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:97:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:97:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:101:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:101:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requireSingleton' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requireSingleton' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:119:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:119:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '121'-'128').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '121'-'128').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '121'-'131').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '121'-'131').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:134:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:134:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:140:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:140:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:142:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:142:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:144:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:144:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requireSingleton' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requireSingleton' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:154:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:154:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:161:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:161:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:165:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:165:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'atomicItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'atomicItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:177:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:177:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:183:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:183:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionUtils.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newBuilder': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newBuilder': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'Builder': members of interface types are implicitly public
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'Builder': members of interface types are implicitly public
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'static' on class 'Builder': types nested within an interface type are implicitly static
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'static' on class 'Builder': types nested within an interface type are implicitly static
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:58:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:58:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occurrence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occurrence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:109:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:109:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:117:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:117:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IArgument.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'FunctionProperty': the enum is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'FunctionProperty': the enum is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:117:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:117:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:140:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:140:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:156:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:156:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:166:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:166:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:175:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:175:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:175:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newBuilder': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:175:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newBuilder': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:179:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:179:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:179:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:179:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:179:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'Builder': members of interface types are implicitly public
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:179:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'Builder': members of interface types are implicitly public
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:179:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'static' on class 'Builder': types nested within an interface type are implicitly static
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:179:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'static' on class 'Builder': types nested within an interface type are implicitly static
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:183:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:183:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:185:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:185:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:186:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:186:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:187:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:187:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:188:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:188:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:188:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'functionHandler'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:188:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'functionHandler'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:190:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:190:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:194:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:194:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:198:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:198:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:207:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:207:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:212:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:212:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:217:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:217:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:222:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:222:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:227:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:227:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:232:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:232:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:237:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:237:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'allow' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'allow' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:246:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:246:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:252:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:252:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:256:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:256:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:260:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:260:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:264:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:264:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:268:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:268:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occurrence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occurrence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:274:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:274:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:274:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:274:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:278:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:278:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:278:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'argument' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:278:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'argument' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:284:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:284:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:290:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:290:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:290:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:290:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:312:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:312:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:312:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:312:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunction.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:59:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionExecutor.java:59:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/IFunctionLibrary.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ISequenceType.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ISequenceType.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ISequenceType.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ISequenceType.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ISequenceType.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ISequenceType.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ISequenceType.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EMPTY': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/ISequenceType.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EMPTY': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_VALUE_FOR_CAST
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_VALUE_FOR_CAST
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_ARGUMENT_TYPE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_ARGUMENT_TYPE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidArgumentFunctionMetapathException.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NODE_HAS_NO_TYPED_VALUE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NODE_HAS_NO_TYPED_VALUE
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeFunctionMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidTypeMetapathException.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/InvalidValueForCastFunctionMetapathException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/LoadedFunctionsLibrary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/LoadedFunctionsLibrary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/LoadedFunctionsLibrary.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/LoadedFunctionsLibrary.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/LoadedFunctionsLibrary.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/LoadedFunctionsLibrary.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'indicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'indicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'optional' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'optional' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/Occurrence.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=136, ATFD=77, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=136, ATFD=77, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'OperationFunctions' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'OperationFunctions' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:50:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:68:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 27 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 68
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:68:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 27 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 68
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:115:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:141:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:141:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'between' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'between' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:178:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:178:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:187:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:187:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:197:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:197:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:198:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:199:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:199:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:202:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'arg2Int' (lines '202'-'211').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:202:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'arg2Int' (lines '202'-'211').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'period' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'period' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:214:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:214:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:215:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:216:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:216:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:219:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'arg2Long' (lines '219'-'228').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:219:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'arg2Long' (lines '219'-'228').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:226:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:226:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:231:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:231:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:233:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:233:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalMonths' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'totalMonths' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:238:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'months' (lines '238'-'246').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:238:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'months' (lines '238'-'246').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'years' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'years' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:249:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:249:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:250:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:251:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:251:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:255:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:255:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'duration' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:264:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:264:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:264:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:267:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:271:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:271:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:276:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:276:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:276:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:276:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:276:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:276:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:277:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:277:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:281:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:281:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:281:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:282:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:282:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:286:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:286:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:287:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:291:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:291:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:296:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:296:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:301:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:301:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:303:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:303:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:304:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:304:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:311:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:311:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:311:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:311:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:313:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:313:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:317:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:317:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:323:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:323:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:323:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:323:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:323:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:323:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:328:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:328:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:328:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:328:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:328:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:328:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:329:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:329:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:333:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:333:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:333:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:333:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:334:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:334:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:335:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:335:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:336:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:336:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:336:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:336:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:343:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:343:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:343:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:344:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:344:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:349:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:349:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:349:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:349:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:349:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:349:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:354:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:354:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:354:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:354:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:354:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:354:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:354:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'opNumericAdd' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:354:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'opNumericAdd' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:360:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '360'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:360:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '360'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:362:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '362'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:362:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '362'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:378:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:378:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:384:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'integerLeft' (lines '384'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:384:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'integerLeft' (lines '384'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:386:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'integerLeft' (lines '386'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:386:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'integerLeft' (lines '386'-'406').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:402:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:402:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:409:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:409:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:409:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:409:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:409:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:409:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:409:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'opNumericSubtract' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:409:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'opNumericSubtract' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:415:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '415'-'461').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:415:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '415'-'461').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:417:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '417'-'461').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:417:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '417'-'461').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:433:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:433:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:433:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:433:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:439:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'integerLeft' (lines '439'-'461').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:439:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'integerLeft' (lines '439'-'461').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:441:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'integerLeft' (lines '441'-'461').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:441:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'integerLeft' (lines '441'-'461').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:457:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:457:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:464:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:464:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:464:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:464:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:464:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:464:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:470:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '470'-'498').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:470:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '470'-'498').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:472:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '472'-'498').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:472:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decimalLeft' (lines '472'-'498').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:488:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:488:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:488:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:494:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:494:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:501:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:501:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:501:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:501:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:501:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:501:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:505:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimalDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:505:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimalDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:507:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:512:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimalDividend' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:512:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimalDividend' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:516:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:516:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:516:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:520:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integerDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:520:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integerDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:522:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integerDividend' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integerDividend' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:531:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:531:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:538:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:538:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:538:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:538:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:538:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:538:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:542:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimalDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:542:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimalDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:544:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:544:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:549:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimalDividend' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:549:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimalDividend' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:553:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:553:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:558:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integerDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:558:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integerDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:560:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:560:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:567:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:567:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:567:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:567:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:573:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:573:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:575:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:575:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:584:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:584:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:584:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:584:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:594:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:594:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:609:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:609:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:614:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:614:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:621:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:621:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:621:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:621:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:625:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimal' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:625:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimal' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:629:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:629:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:629:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:629:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:633:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:633:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:637:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:637:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:637:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:637:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:646:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:646:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:646:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:646:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:646:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:646:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:651:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:651:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:653:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:653:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:659:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:659:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:659:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:659:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:659:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:659:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:664:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:664:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:664:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:664:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:667:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:667:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:667:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:667:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:674:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:674:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:674:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:674:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:674:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:674:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:679:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:679:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:679:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:679:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:682:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:682:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:682:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:682:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:689:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:689:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:691:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg1'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:691:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg1'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:694:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg2'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:694:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg2'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:697:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:697:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:697:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:697:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:701:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:701:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:703:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg1'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:703:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg1'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:706:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg2'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:706:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg2'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:709:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:709:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:709:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:709:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:713:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:713:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:715:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg1'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:715:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg1'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:718:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg2'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:718:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'arg2'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:721:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:721:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:721:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/OperationFunctions.java:721:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occurrence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'occurrence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:69:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:69:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/SequenceTypeImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_TYPE_ERROR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_TYPE_ERROR
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/TypeMetapathException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_NAMESPACE_FOUND_FOR_PREFIX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_NAMESPACE_FOUND_FOR_PREFIX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like BASE_URI_NOT_DEFINED_IN_STATIC_CONTEXT
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like BASE_URI_NOT_DEFINED_IN_STATIC_CONTEXT
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/UriFunctionException.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:51:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:51:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:93:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:93:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '110'-'115').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '110'-'115').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '110'-'117').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '110'-'117').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'first' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'first' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:116:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:116:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'126').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'126').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'129').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'129').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'131').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'131').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'134').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'134').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'137').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'137').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'143').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '124'-'143').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'retval' is never used (overwritten on lines 126, 129, 131, 134 and 137)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:124:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'retval' is never used (overwritten on lines 126, 129, 131, 134 and 137)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'string' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'string' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'string' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'string' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'string' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'string' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:147:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:147:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:155:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:155:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'precisionItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'precisionItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:166:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:166:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'precision' (lines '169'-'215').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'precision' (lines '169'-'215').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'divisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'divisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'remainder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'remainder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lessRemainder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lessRemainder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfDivisor' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/XPathFunctions.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToBooleanFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:73:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:73:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateFunction.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDateTimeFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDecimalFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToDurationFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'integer' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToIntegerFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNcNameFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToNonNegativeInteger.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToPositiveIntegerFunction.java:75:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'castItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:74:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/CastToStringFunction.java:74:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/DefaultFunctionLibrary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/DefaultFunctionLibrary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/DefaultFunctionLibrary.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/DefaultFunctionLibrary.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/DefaultFunctionLibrary.java:34:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/DefaultFunctionLibrary.java:34:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/DefaultFunctionLibrary.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/DefaultFunctionLibrary.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:46:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:46:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_NO_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_NO_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:48:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:48:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:58:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_ONE_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:58:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_ONE_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:58:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:58:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:81:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:81:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:98:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:98:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:113:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnBaseUriFunction.java:113:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:45:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:45:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:48:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:48:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:79:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:79:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'documentUri' (lines '84'-'111').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'documentUri' (lines '84'-'111').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:91:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:91:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:107:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocFunction.java:107:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_NO_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_NO_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_ONE_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_ONE_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:77:	SimplifyConditional:	SimplifyConditional: No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:77:	SimplifyConditional:	SimplifyConditional: No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:86:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:94:	SimplifyConditional:	SimplifyConditional: No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:94:	SimplifyConditional:	SimplifyConditional: No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:95:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:95:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:102:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:104:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:104:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'documentBaseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnDocumentUriFunction.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'documentBaseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnExistsFunction.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:42:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:42:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:43:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:43:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnNotFunction.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:44:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:44:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_ONE_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_ONE_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:60:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_TWO_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:60:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE_TWO_ARG field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:60:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:60:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'staticBaseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'staticBaseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resolvedUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resolvedUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:100:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:100:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseSequence' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseString' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resolvedUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resolvedUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:139:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:139:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'relative' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'relative' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:145:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'base' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'base' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'relative' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'relative' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'relativeUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:152:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:152:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'baseUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'relativeUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'relativeUri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:154:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:154:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resolvedUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnResolveUriFunction.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resolvedUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg1' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg2' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg2String' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg2String' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg1String' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arg1String' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStartsWithFunction.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:44:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SIGNATURE field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:44:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arguments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dynamicContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'staticBaseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'staticBaseUri' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:71:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/FnStaticBaseUriFunction.java:71:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/library/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:35:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:35:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:37:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'value' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:37:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'value' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:50:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getJavaTypeAdapter()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:50:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getJavaTypeAdapter()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractAnyAtomicItem.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractIntegerItem.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:33:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:33:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractMarkupItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractNumericItem.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractStringItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractStringItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractStringItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractStringItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractStringItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractStringItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractStringItem.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractStringItem.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AbstractUntypedAtomicItem.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AnyUriItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AnyUriItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AnyUriItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AnyUriItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AnyUriItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AnyUriItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AnyUriItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/AnyUriItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/Base64BinaryItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/Base64BinaryItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/Base64BinaryItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/Base64BinaryItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/Base64BinaryItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/Base64BinaryItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/Base64BinaryItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/Base64BinaryItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the BooleanItemImpl constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:46:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the BooleanItemImpl constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'booleanValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/BooleanItemImpl.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'booleanValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateTimeWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithTimeZoneItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DateWithoutTimeZoneItemImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DayTimeDurationItemImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimal' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decimal' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:80:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:80:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:96:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:96:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:97:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/DecimalItemImpl.java:97:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/EmailAddressItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/HostnameItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyAtomicItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyAtomicItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyAtomicItem.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyAtomicItem.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyAtomicItem.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyAtomicItem.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAnyUriItem.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAssemblyNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAssemblyNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAssemblyNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAssemblyNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedItem.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedItem.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedNodeItem.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IAtomicValuedNodeItem.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBase64BinaryItem.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TRUE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TRUE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'FALSE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'FALSE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bool' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bool' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:57:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:57:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'toBoolean': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IBooleanItem.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'toBoolean': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:55:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:55:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateItem.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:55:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:55:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDateTimeItem.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:43:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:43:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:49:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:49:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDayTimeDurationItem.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ZERO': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ZERO': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:48:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:48:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:50:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor: Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:50:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor: Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:59:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:59:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:64:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:64:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDecimalItem.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDocumentNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDocumentNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDocumentNodeItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDocumentNodeItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDocumentNodeItem.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDocumentNodeItem.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDocumentNodeItem.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDocumentNodeItem.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:46:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:46:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '52'-'55').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '52'-'55').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:55:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '55'-'62').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:55:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '55'-'62').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:57:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IDurationItem.java:57:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:42:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:42:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IEmailAddressItem.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFieldNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFieldNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFieldNodeItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFieldNodeItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFieldNodeItem.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFieldNodeItem.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFlagNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFlagNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFlagNodeItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFlagNodeItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFlagNodeItem.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFlagNodeItem.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFlagNodeItem.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IFlagNodeItem.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:41:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:41:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IHostnameItem.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPAddressItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPAddressItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPAddressItem.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPAddressItem.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv4AddressItem.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:45:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIPv6AddressItem.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:38:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:38:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ONE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ONE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ZERO': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ZERO': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'NEGATIVE_ONE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'NEGATIVE_ONE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bigInteger' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bigInteger' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:62:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:62:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:67:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:67:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IIntegerItem.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:49:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:49:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IMarkupItem.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IModelNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IModelNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IModelNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IModelNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:41:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:41:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INcNameItem.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:93:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:93:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'metapath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:106:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:106:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:118:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:118:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INodeItem.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ONE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ONE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ZERO': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ZERO': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:67:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:67:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INonNegativeIntegerItem.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:39:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:39:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:45:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '45'-'51').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:45:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '45'-'51').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/INumericItem.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPathItem.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'formatter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ONE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ONE': the field is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:64:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:64:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPositiveIntegerItem.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv4AddressItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv4AddressItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv4AddressItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv4AddressItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv4AddressItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv4AddressItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv4AddressItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv4AddressItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv6AddressItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv6AddressItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv6AddressItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv6AddressItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv6AddressItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv6AddressItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv6AddressItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IPv6AddressItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:41:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:41:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IStringItem.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:41:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:41:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/ITokenItem.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUntypedAtomicItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUntypedAtomicItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUntypedAtomicItem.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUntypedAtomicItem.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:44:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:44:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUriReferenceItem.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:44:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:44:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IUuidItem.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedNodeItem.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedNodeItem.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedNodeItem.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedNodeItem.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedNodeItem.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IValuedNodeItem.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:50:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'valueOf': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'period' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'period' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cast': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:57:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:57:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IYearMonthDurationItem.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:55:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:55:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:64:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:64:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:68:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:68:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:71:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:71:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:72:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/IntegerItemImpl.java:72:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupLineItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupLineItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupLineItemImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupLineItemImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupLineItemImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupLineItemImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupLineItemImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupLineItemImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupMultiLineItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupMultiLineItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupMultiLineItemImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupMultiLineItemImpl.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupMultiLineItemImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupMultiLineItemImpl.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupMultiLineItemImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/MarkupMultiLineItemImpl.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NcNameItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NodeItemType.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NodeItemType.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NodeItemType.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NodeItemType.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:56:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:56:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/NonNegativeIntegerItemImpl.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:56:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:56:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:65:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:72:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/PositiveIntegerItemImpl.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/StringItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:49:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:65:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/TokenItemImpl.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:51:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:51:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:64:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:64:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:67:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:67:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:68:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UriReferenceItemImpl.java:68:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UuidItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UuidItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UuidItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UuidItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UuidItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UuidItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UuidItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/UuidItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/YearMonthDurationItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/YearMonthDurationItemImpl.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/YearMonthDurationItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/YearMonthDurationItemImpl.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/YearMonthDurationItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/YearMonthDurationItemImpl.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/YearMonthDurationItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/YearMonthDurationItemImpl.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/item/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmAssemblyNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmAssemblyNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmAssemblyNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmAssemblyNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmDocumentNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmDocumentNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmDocumentNodeItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmDocumentNodeItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmFieldNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmFieldNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmFieldNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmFieldNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmFlagNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmFlagNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmFlagNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmFlagNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmModelNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmModelNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmModelNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmModelNodeItem.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmNodeItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmNodeItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmNodeItem.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmNodeItem.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmPathSegment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmPathSegment.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmPathSegment.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmRootAssemblyNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmRootAssemblyNodeItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmRootAssemblyNodeItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmRootAssemblyNodeItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmRootAssemblyNodeItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/IXdmRootAssemblyNodeItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/xdm/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/package-info.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:44:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:44:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'iterator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'iterator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'iterable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'iterable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'iterator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'iterator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:95:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CollectionUtil.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:36:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:36:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conjunction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conjunction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conjunction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conjunction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:48:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:48:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:51:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:51:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'last' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/CustomCollectors.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'last' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:43:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	AbstractClassWithoutAbstractMethod:	AbstractClassWithoutAbstractMethod: This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	AbstractClassWithoutAbstractMethod:	AbstractClassWithoutAbstractMethod: This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	GenericsNaming:	GenericsNaming: Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:46:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'flag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assembly' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assembly' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assembly' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'assembly' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:137:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:137:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:149:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:149:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:162:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:162:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instances' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:214:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:214:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:215:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:215:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:223:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:223:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:225:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:225:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:226:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:226:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:233:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:233:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:239:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:239:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:240:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:240:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:253:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:253:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:254:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:254:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:261:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:261:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:267:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:267:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:268:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:268:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:275:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:275:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:277:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:281:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:281:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:282:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:282:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:289:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:289:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:291:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:295:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:295:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:296:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:296:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:303:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:303:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ModelWalker.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:31:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:31:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ObjectUtils.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:35:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:35:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like replacementFunction
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like replacementFunction
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'replacementFunction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'replacementFunction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScanner.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:47:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:47:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:47:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=64, ATFD=50, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:47:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=64, ATFD=50, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:47:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:47:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:60:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:60:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:62:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:62:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'xmlEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'xmlEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:112:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:112:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:113:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:113:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '139'-'142').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '139'-'142').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '139'-'145').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '139'-'145').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '139'-'148').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '139'-'148').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:153:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:154:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '154'-'157').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:154:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '154'-'157').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:154:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '154'-'160').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:154:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '154'-'160').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:165:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:171:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:171:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:223:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:223:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:227:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:227:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:231:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlEvent' (lines '231'-'236').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:231:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlEvent' (lines '231'-'236').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:236:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlEvent' (lines '236'-'226').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:236:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlEvent' (lines '236'-'226').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:240:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:240:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:242:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '242'-'243').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:242:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '242'-'243').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:243:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '243'-'242').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:243:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '243'-'242').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:248:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:248:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'characters' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:254:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '254'-'250').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:254:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextEvent' (lines '254'-'250').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:262:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:262:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:266:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:266:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedLocalName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedLocalName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:266:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedNamespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedNamespace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '272'-'274').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '272'-'274').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '272'-'279').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '272'-'279').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '272'-'281').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:272:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retval' (lines '272'-'281').
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:273:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:273:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endElement' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endElement' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:277:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:277:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:277:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:277:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:278:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:278:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:287:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:287:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:287:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:287:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:287:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:287:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:292:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:292:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:292:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:292:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:296:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:296:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:296:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:301:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:301:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:301:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'retval' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:305:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:305:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:305:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventType' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:305:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventType' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:316:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:316:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:316:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:316:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:316:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:316:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:320:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:320:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:320:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:320:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eventReader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:320:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:320:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:320:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:320:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nextEvent' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventType' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'eventType' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:325:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:325:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'presumedName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'retval' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'retval' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:332:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 30 characters appended.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:332:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 30 characters appended.
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/XmlEventUtil.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:47:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:47:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:47:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'initParser()'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:47:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'initParser()'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:54:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testParse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:54:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testParse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:54:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:54:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:61:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:61:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:63:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:63:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:63:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertEquals
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:63:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertEquals
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:63:	UseAssertEqualsInsteadOfAssertTrue:	UseAssertEqualsInsteadOfAssertTrue: Use assertEquals(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x.equals(y))
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/BooleanAdapterTest.java:63:	UseAssertEqualsInsteadOfAssertTrue:	UseAssertEqualsInsteadOfAssertTrue: Use assertEquals(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x.equals(y))
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testSimpleDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testSimpleDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateAdapterTest.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testSimpleDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testSimpleDate method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeAdapterTest.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:38:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'adapter' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:38:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'adapter' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:42:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testParse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:42:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testParse method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:44:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/adapter/DateTimeWithTZAdapterTest.java:44:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:42:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:42:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the test method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the test method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:45:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:45:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:48:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:48:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:49:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:49:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:50:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:50:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:51:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:51:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:52:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:52:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:53:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:53:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:54:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:54:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:55:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:55:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:60:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:60:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:61:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:61:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:66:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:66:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:67:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:67:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markupString' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markupString' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:74:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupParserTest.java:74:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:60:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:60:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MARKUP_HTML_NAMESPACE
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MARKUP_HTML_NAMESPACE
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MARKUP_HTML_PREFIX
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MARKUP_HTML_PREFIX
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:64:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the newMarkupXmlStreamWriter method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:64:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the newMarkupXmlStreamWriter method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:64:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:64:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like handleBlockElements
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handleBlockElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'handleBlockElements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:68:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the newXmlStreamWriter method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:68:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the newXmlStreamWriter method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stringWriter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stringWriter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nsContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nsContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:79:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the markupLineFromMarkdownTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:79:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the markupLineFromMarkdownTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:79:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:79:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'document' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'document' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:88:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:88:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Markup AST" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Markup AST" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:90:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:90:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:91:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "==========" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 91
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:91:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "==========" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 91
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:91:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:91:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:92:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:92:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:93:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "HTML Output" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 93
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:93:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "HTML Output" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 93
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:93:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:93:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:94:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "===========" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 94
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:94:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "===========" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 94
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:94:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:94:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:95:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:95:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:96:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Markdown Output" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 96
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:96:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Markdown Output" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 96
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:96:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:97:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "===============" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:97:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "===============" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:97:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:97:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:98:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:98:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'documentChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'documentChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:105:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:105:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paragraph' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paragraph' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:107:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:107:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paragraphChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'paragraphChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textBase' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textBase' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textBaseChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textBaseChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:117:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:117:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:122:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:122:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emphasis' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emphasis' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emphasisChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'emphasisChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:131:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:132:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:132:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:138:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:138:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:140:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:140:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'strongEmphasis' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'strongEmphasis' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'strongEmphasisChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'strongEmphasisChildren' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:143:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like strongEmphasisChildren
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:143:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like strongEmphasisChildren
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:147:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:147:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:154:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:154:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:159:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'insert' (lines '159'-'170').
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:159:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'insert' (lines '159'-'170').
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insert' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'insert' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:164:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:164:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:168:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:168:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:169:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:169:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:173:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the markupMultilineFromMarkdownTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:173:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the markupMultilineFromMarkdownTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:173:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:173:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:178:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:178:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:181:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:181:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:182:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:182:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:183:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:183:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:184:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:184:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:185:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:185:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:186:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:186:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:186:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:186:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:187:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:187:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:188:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:188:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:189:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:189:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:191:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:191:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:192:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:192:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:196:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:196:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:200:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the markupMultilineFromHtmlTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:200:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the markupMultilineFromHtmlTest method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:200:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:200:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:223:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:223:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:225:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:226:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:226:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:227:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:227:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:228:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:228:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:229:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:229:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:230:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:230:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:231:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:231:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:232:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:232:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:233:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:233:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:234:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:234:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:235:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:235:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:236:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:236:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:237:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:237:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:239:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:239:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:240:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:240:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:244:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the preMarkdown method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:244:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the preMarkdown method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:244:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:244:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:245:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:245:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:247:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:248:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:248:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:249:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:249:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:250:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:250:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:251:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:251:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:252:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:252:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:253:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:253:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:254:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:254:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:255:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:255:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:256:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:256:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:256:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:256:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:260:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pCodeMarkdown method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:260:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pCodeMarkdown method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:260:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:260:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:261:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:261:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:264:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:264:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:265:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:265:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:266:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:266:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:267:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:267:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:268:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:268:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:269:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:269:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:270:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:270:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:271:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:271:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:272:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:272:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:276:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testEntityRoundTrip method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:276:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testEntityRoundTrip method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:276:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:276:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:277:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:277:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:278:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:278:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:280:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:280:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:280:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:280:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:281:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:281:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:282:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:282:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'document' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'document' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:284:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:284:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:286:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:286:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:287:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:287:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:288:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:288:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:289:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:289:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:290:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:290:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:291:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:291:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:292:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:292:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:293:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:293:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:294:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:294:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:296:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:296:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:297:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:297:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:303:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:304:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:304:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:306:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:306:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:310:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testAposRoundTrip method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:310:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testAposRoundTrip method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:310:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:310:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'markdown' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:312:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:312:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:315:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:315:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:317:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:317:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:319:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:319:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:321:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:321:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:322:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:322:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:323:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:323:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:324:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:324:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:325:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:325:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:326:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:326:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:327:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:327:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:328:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:328:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:329:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:329:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:329:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:329:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:331:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:331:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:332:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:332:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:336:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:336:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:339:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:341:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:341:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:347:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:347:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:349:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:349:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:350:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:350:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:351:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:351:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:352:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:352:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:353:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:353:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:354:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:354:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:354:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:354:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:355:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:355:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:356:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:356:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:357:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:357:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:357:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupStringTest.java:357:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testHTML method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testHTML method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:48:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:48:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'html' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'namespace' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prefix' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prefix' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ms' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:65:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:66:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:66:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xmlStreamWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nsContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nsContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/datatype/markup/MarkupXmlStreamWriterTest.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:51:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor: Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:51:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor: Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:71:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:71:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:73:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testIntegerDivide method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:73:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testIntegerDivide method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:75:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:75:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:86:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:86:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:88:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the test method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:88:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the test method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dividend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'divisor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:90:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/FunctionsTest.java:90:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:39:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:39:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the correctMetapathInstances field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the correctMetapathInstances field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like correctMetapathInstances
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like correctMetapathInstances
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:42:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:42:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the incorrectMetapathInstances field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the incorrectMetapathInstances field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like incorrectMetapathInstances
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like incorrectMetapathInstances
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testCorrect method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testCorrect method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:47:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:47:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'line' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'line' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:59:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testIncorrect method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:59:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testIncorrect method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:59:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:59:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'line' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/MetapathTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'line' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:36:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:36:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:42:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor: Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:42:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor: Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/TestUtils.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:47:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:47:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:49:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:49:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:53:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'flagNodeItem1'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:53:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'flagNodeItem1'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:55:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'flagNodeItem2'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:55:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'flagNodeItem2'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:64:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:64:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:67:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testTwoFlags method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:67:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testTwoFlags method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:68:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 68
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:68:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 68
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseType' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseType' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:72:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:72:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:82:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:82:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:86:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testFlagAndAssembly method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:86:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testFlagAndAssembly method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseType' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseType' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:91:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:91:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:101:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:101:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:105:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testFieldAndAssembly method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:105:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testFieldAndAssembly method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseType' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseType' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:110:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:110:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:120:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/ast/ExpressionUtilsTest.java:120:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:27:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:71:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:71:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:71:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:71:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:72:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:72:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:73:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:73:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the context field if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:77:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the newMetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:77:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the newMetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitor method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:77:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:77:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'staticContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'staticContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseUri' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseUri' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dynamicContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dynamicContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:91:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'testAnd()'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:91:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'testAnd()'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:99:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:99:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:102:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testAnd method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:102:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testAnd method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bool1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bool1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bool2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bool2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp1' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp1' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp2' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp2' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:111:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:111:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:122:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:122:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:125:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'testOr()'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:125:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'testOr()'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:133:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:133:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:136:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testOr method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:136:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testOr method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bool1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bool1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bool2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bool2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp1' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp1' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp2' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp2' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:145:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:145:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:156:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:156:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:159:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'testValueComparison()'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:159:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'testValueComparison()'.
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:170:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:170:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:171:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:171:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:172:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:172:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:173:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:173:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:177:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:177:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testValueComparison method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testValueComparison method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expectedResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'leftItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'leftItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rightItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rightItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp1' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp1' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp2' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'exp2' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:189:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:189:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:200:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:200:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:204:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRootSlashOnlyPathUsingDocument method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:204:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRootSlashOnlyPathUsingDocument method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:211:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:211:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:212:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:212:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:216:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRootSlashOnlyPathUsingNonDocument method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:216:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRootSlashOnlyPathUsingNonDocument method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:224:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:224:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:228:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testStep method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:228:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testStep method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stepExpr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stepExpr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stepResult' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stepResult' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:236:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:236:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:252:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:253:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:253:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:257:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testFlagWithName method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:257:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testFlagWithName method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:258:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:258:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visitor' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nodeContext' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'segment' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'segment' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'flagNode' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'flagNode' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'flagName' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'flagName' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:268:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:268:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	DoubleBraceInitialization: Double-brace initialization should be avoided
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expr' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:290:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/evaluate/MetaschemaPathEvaluationVisitorTest.java:290:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:29:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/CastFunctionsTest.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:42:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:42:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:49:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:49:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:50:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:50:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:50:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 700000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:50:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 700000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:51:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 650000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:51:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 650000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:51:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:51:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:52:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:52:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:52:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:52:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:53:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:53:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:53:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:53:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 654321 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:63:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:63:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRound method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the testRound method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'precision' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'precision' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:67:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/function/FunctionsTest.java:67:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the test method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the test method if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'string' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'string' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pattern' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:43:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/util/ReplacementScannerTest.java:43:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:13:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:13:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:153:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:230:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:237:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:244:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:251:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:251:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10BaseVisitor.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctx' is not assigned and could be declared final
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:3:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.Lexer'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:3:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.Lexer'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:4:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.CharStream'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:4:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.CharStream'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:5:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.Token'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:5:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.Token'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.Token'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:5:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.Token'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.Token'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:5:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.Token'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:6:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.TokenStream'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:6:	DuplicateImports:	DuplicateImports: Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.TokenStream'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.TokenStream'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.TokenStream'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.TokenStream'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.TokenStream'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.misc.*'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.misc.*'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.misc.*'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Lexer.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.misc.*'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.misc.*'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:6:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.misc.*'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.misc.*'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:6:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'org.antlr.v4.runtime.misc.*'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Iterator'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:9:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.Iterator'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Iterator'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:9:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.Iterator'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.ArrayList'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:10:	UnnecessaryImport:	UnnecessaryImport: Unused import 'java.util.ArrayList'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.ArrayList'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Parser.java:10:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Unused import 'java.util.ArrayList'
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Visitor.java:12:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
target/generated-sources/antlr4/gov/nist/secauto/metaschema/model/common/metapath/antlr/metapath10Visitor.java:12:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
