# Metaschema Java Tools

This project provides a Java implementation of the [Metaschema](https://pages.nist.gov/metaschema/) framework that supports format-agnostic information modeling and processing.

This project supports the following features:

- **Allows developers to generate Java classes from Metaschema definitions.** Using a given Metaschema definition, a developer can quickly [generate Java classes](metaschema-java-binding/) for a Metaschema-based model, which can be used to create, parse, modify, and write XML, JSON, and YAML representations of that model using bound Java objects. This allows a developer to quickly start programming business logic instead of spending hours writing parsing code. This approach is similar to the binding frameworks provided by [Jakarta XML Binding (JAXB)](https://eclipse-ee4j.github.io/jaxb-ri/), [XMLBeans](https://xmlbeans.apache.org/), [Java API for JSON Binding (JSON-B)](https://javaee.github.io/jsonb-spec/), and other class-to-object binding approaches. The [OSCAL Java Library](https://github.com/usnistgov/liboscal-java/) is an example of applying this approach to generate Java programming APIs for a set of Metaschema-defined models.
- **Supports generating Metaschema-based Java code during Maven builds.** An [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) [Metaschema code generation plugin](metaschema-maven-plugin/) is provided that supports Java class generation for a Metaschema definition during Maven builds.
- **Enables validation of data aligned with a set of Metaschema definitions using constraints defined within the Metaschema definitions.** Using this framework, format-agnostic validation rules, defined in a Metaschema, can be enforced over data loaded into bound objects.
- **Allows execution of Metapath queries against data aligned with a Metaschema-based model.** Metapath is an XPath-like expression language that can be used to query XML, JSON, or YAML data aligned with a Metaschema definition. This allows data to be queried irrespective of the format it is stored in.

This project contains the following sub-modules:

- [Metaschema Java Code Generator](metaschema-java-codegen/): A Java code generator [Java API](metaschema-java-codege/apidocs/) that generates Java classes for a Metaschema definition. These generated classes can be used to read and write XML, JSON, and YAML content that is valid to the associated Metaschema model.
- [Metaschema API](metaschema-model/): Provides a [Java API](metaschema-model/apidocs/index.html) for programatically interacting with Metaschema definitions and executing Metapath expressions.
- [Metaschema Java Binding (META-B)](metaschema-java-binding/): A [Java API](metaschema-java-binding/apidocs/) that uses Java code generated by the [Metaschema Java Code Generator](metaschema-java-codegen/) to read and write XML, JSON, and YAML content that is valid to the associated Metaschema model. This library is a dependency for all generated Java code.
- [Metaschema Maven Plugin](metaschema-maven-plugin/): A Maven build plugin that automates generation on Java classes for a set of Metaschema definitions as part of a Maven build.
- [Metaschema Java Binding Annotations](metaschema-java-binding-annotations/): A set of Java annotations that allow Metaschema constructs to be annotated on a a Java class. These annotations provide the information needed by (META-B) to read and write XML, JSON, and YAML content that is valid to the associated Metaschema model.
- [Metaschema XML Model](metaschema-model/): Supports loading Metaschema definitions expressed in XML files.

Please refer to each sub-module for usage instructions.
